mrjar/README.md, before:



http://openjdk.java.net/jeps/238


jar root
  - A.class
  - B.class
  - C.class
  - D.class
  - META-INF
     - versions
        - 8
           - A.class
           - B.class
        - 9
           - A.class

COMMANDS

// this is one way to do it that works today

rm -rf *.jar build/*
javac -d build --release 7 src/main/java/*.java
javac -d build/META-INF/versions/9 --release 9 src/main/java-9/*.java
jar --create --file mrjar.jar --manifest MANIFEST.MF --main-class=Application -C build .
java -jar mrjar.jar
jar --list --file mrjar.jar


// this is a java 9 jar command way to do it, but haven't gotten this to work yet
// claims that ctxui option must be specified in jar command, but I AM specifying 
rm -rf *.jar build/* build9/*
javac -d build --release 7 src/main/java/*.java
javac -d build9 --release 9 src/main/java-9/*.java
jar --create --main-class=Application --file mrjar.jar -C build --release 9 -C build9

// --manifest MANIFEST.MF 
// from jar --help
// Create a multi-release jar, placing some files in the META-INF/versions/9 directory:
// jar --create --file mr.jar -C foo classes --release 9 -C foo9 classes


why keep source for different versions of java in one project?
- code that changes together should stay together
- makes more sense to have one project build to one jar instead of multiple projects targeting a single jar
- reduce risk of defining source/target in subprojects to not be what the mrjar needs

Commit message:

updated README for easier presentation

mrjar/README.md, after:


Multi-release jars, see http://openjdk.java.net/jeps/238

Jar file has this structure:

jar root
  - A.class
  - B.class
  - C.class
  - D.class
  - META-INF
     - versions
        - 8
           - A.class
           - B.class
        - 9
           - A.class


There is still uncertainty about how source code will be structured. Mainly: multi module project, 
or multiple versions of Java in one project? Multi module projects are easier for existing tools,
But I would advocate to advance them to allow multiple source folders in one project.
Why keep source for different versions of java in one project?
- code that changes together should stay together
- makes more sense to have one project build to one jar instead of multiple projects targeting a single jar
- reduce risk of defining release version in subprojects to not be what the mrjar needs



COMMANDS

// this is a java 9 jar command way to do it, but haven't gotten this to work yet
// claims that ctxui option must be specified in jar command, but I AM specifying 
rm -rf *.jar build/* build9/*
javac -d build --release 7 src/main/java/*.java
javac -d build9 --release 9 src/main/java-9/*.java
jar --create --main-class=Application --file mrjar.jar -C build --release 9 -C build9

// --manifest MANIFEST.MF 
// from jar --help
// Create a multi-release jar, placing some files in the META-INF/versions/9 directory:
// jar --create --file mr.jar -C foo classes --release 9 -C foo9 classes


// this is one way to build it that works today

rm -rf *.jar build/*
javac -d build --release 7 src/main/java/*.java
javac -d build/META-INF/versions/9 --release 9 src/main/java-9/*.java
jar --create --file mrjar.jar --manifest MANIFEST.MF --main-class=Application -C build .
java -jar mrjar.jar
jar --list --file mrjar.jar

// see all relevant files at once
gedit src/main/java/Generator.java src/main/java/Generator.java src/main/java-9/Generator.java
